Step 1
1.Interview Rate(AI Decision):

Males scoring 70+: 46 out of 50 = 92%
Females scoring 70+: 24 out of 50 =  48%

2.Actual Qualification Rate (Human Expert):

Males actually qualified: 38 out of 50 = 76%
Females actually qualified: 35 out of 50 = 70%

Step 2: Bias Analysis 

-For males the AI identitfied 38 out of 46 correctly.
-For females the AI identified only 24 out of 35 correctly. 

3.Accuracy by Group:

Accuracy for males:84%
Accuracy for females:68%

4.
Males: 8 of the male candidates were incorrectly identified as qualified by the Ai.
Females: The AI did not identify 11 of the qualified female candidates correctly that the human expert did qualify.

Step 3. Impact Assessment 5. Real-world Impact:

If techcorp hires 20 poeple based on Ai recommendations 13 of these people would be male and 7 of them would be female.
Yes it is porportional to actual qualification rates.

Step 4: Reflection Questions 6. What evidence of bias do you see in this AI system? 
7.How might this bias have developed during programming/training?
8. What would you recommend to fix this system?

6. Evidence of bias i see in this AI system is that it chose to qualify more male candidates than it did for female candidates. Also, it also showed bias even more
when reviewed by a human expert the results for qualifying male and female candidates were a lot closer in number when compared to using the Ai. 

7. The bias might have been developed if techcorp mainly hires male candidates or the Ai was told by the techcorp employers to favor male candidates more than the
female candidates. Additionally, the Ai could have a ineffecient way of determining the score the for female candidates.

8.To fix this system i would try to change how the Ai identifies who to is able to qualify by changing the scoring method by qualifications regardless of gender 
and to score them equally. The scoring method should be if the candidates meet the requirements for the position and would be a good fit for the role. Also it 
should factor in experience since that would be a candidate worth hiring whether they are male or female.




